Snippets Rollout (#13877)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/rules/snippets/_index.md

Cloudflare Snippets (alpha) provide a flexible way to customize the behavior of your website or application using short pieces of JavaScript code. Use snippets to customize HTTP response headers, implement {{<glossary-tooltip term_id="JSON web token (JWT)" prepend="JSON web token (JWT) is ">}}JWT{{</glossary-tooltip>}} validation, define complex {{<glossary-tooltip term_id="redirect">}}redirect{{</glossary-tooltip>}} functionality, and more.

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> We are [gradually rolling out](https://blog.cloudflare.com/browser-rendering-api-ga-rolling-out-cloudflare-snippets-swr-and-bringing-workers-for-platforms-to-our-paygo-plans#we-are-rolling-out-access-to-cloudflare-snippets) access to Cloudflare Snippets. Keep your eyes out for the new Snippets tab in the dashboard's Rules section as we expand access throughout 2024!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are [gradually rolling out](https://blog.cloudflare.com/browser-rendering-api-ga-rolling-out-cloudflare-snippets-swr-and-bringing-workers-for-platforms-to-our-paygo-plans#we-are-rolling-out-access-to-cloudflare-snippets) access to Cloudflare Snippets throughout 2024. Once you have access, the Cloudflare dashboard will show a new **Snippets** tab under **Rules** at the zone level.
```

## Availability

> Cloudflare Snippets are [being rolled out](https://blog.cloudflare.com/browser-rendering-api-ga-rolling-out-cloudflare-snippets-swr-and-bringing-workers-for-platforms-to-our-paygo-plans#we-are-rolling-out-access-to-cloudflare-snippets) gradually. Users will begin to notice Snippets appearing under the Rules tab of the zone-level menu on their dashboard throughout 2024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare Snippets are [being rolled out](https://blog.cloudflare.com/browser-rendering-api-ga-rolling-out-cloudflare-snippets-swr-and-bringing-workers-for-platforms-to-our-paygo-plans#we-are-rolling-out-access-to-cloudflare-snippets) gradually throughout 2024. Once you have access, the Cloudflare dashboard will show a new **Snippets** tab under **Rules** at the zone level.
```
